look at that now I'm Fox it up all right
check it out guys it's Trevor James we
made our way out deep into the
countryside outside of Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia and I am so excited because
restaurants are opening up now with
social distancing and we can bring you
four tons of amazing Street food it's
been a long three months indoors first
up we're gonna have an amazing Malaysian
let's go check it out
get ready for the ultimate Malaysian
Street food tour of Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia rapid-fire one by one with five
of the best street foods you must try
when you visit Malaysia so make sure to
watch all the way until the end cuz
you're not gonna want to miss every
single one of these street food hits
that will leave your mouth watering
let's eat and here we are guys look at
this we made our way out deep into the
countryside outside of Kuala Lumpur to
try the special nasi lemak breakfast
hello or bogan wrap it in an egg and
it's right up here
go try it out guys so then my plucky
dilemma Peggy Wow look at this so let my
Peggy oh and here it is look at this any
nuts in the mock hello or bunkers oh and
this is the special watch this guy's
we just ask permission to film and
they're gonna show us the special sit up
numb backs it up okay oh here we go
Wow look at that that's killer
chilli PADI up Oh
chilli look at that
van yaxha lure
it looks incredible guys so this is nasi
lemak wrapped around this giant omelet
with Malaysian sambal there we go and I
see them up full when it's going right
on look at this so these are nasi lemak
fragrant rice cooked in coconut milk and
sometimes there's actually pandan leaf
in there as well which gives it this
vanilla II incredible Malaysian tropical
flavor and she's just adding on the nasi
lemak onto the to lure the giant omelet
with chilli PADI okay and then we're
gonna watch how she prepares it so it's
folded over and wrapped up bukas donkus
sang it aromatic okay
look at this guy's she's wrapping up the
nasi lemak with the sambal egg i'm
it up it looks incredible guys and then
they just come out and they're covered
in a sound oh and this is the symbol
look at the sambal Wow
add the onion at a chili Wow and ikan
bilis look at that guy's
that's Malaysian sambal pure Malaysian
sambal bread of the wok
saya nomicon satu satu nasi lemak
kombuchas and there's one more specialty
here the roti duo catch oh yeah watch
this this is gonna be the roti G Walker
chow you can see he is gonna just fill
this with eggs Vani octal or Vani acted
or none pucks it up thermic SE and this
is gonna be mixed with the famous
Malaysian spicy some
there we go look at this guy's spicy
sambal cut us a TAS or an onion oh and
then here's the roti look at this guys
he's making a giant ball of roti bread
to lure eggs
sambal Malaysian special Wow look at how
saucy and thick that is there's so many
eggs in there this is just absolutely
incredible guys look at this
it's a roti omelet with sambal Malaysian
sambal and it's full of spice and chili
Wow look at all that butter he's adding
in there looks good looks really good
guys watch this look at these flips it's
like a Samba
omelet pancake mix and the road he is
gonna be served with this special curry
sauce guys you get curry with your roti
Wow aromatic you can also get your ro
teach and I hear classic roti kind of
like paratha with curry and we're gonna
get the upgraded one with onion and
sambal there it is Cermak SE and here we
are so beautiful here out in the
countryside and we are gonna have nasi
lemak
taro focus Tara mckessie Tara mckessie
and you here guys look at this Wow look
at all the sambal on it's full of ikan
bilis dried anchovy so it's gonna have
that incredible anchovy aroma which is
infused into so many special Malaysian
dishes just look at that close-up we're
just gonna cut into that look at that
make it messy and let's just get that
completely covered in sambal for the
first bite spicy
wow that is spicy yet sweet and fragrant
at the same time you can taste the econ
the anchovies and the rice has a little
bit of a coconut flavor to it and now we
can try the special look at that and
let's just pour that curry over top look
at try it out delicious it's a very
enjoyable breakfast bye-bye oh great
bike bike hammock I see hey that was
absolutely delicious let's keep going
and next up we're bringing you in
full-on and before going for some
insanely potent curry noodles and durian
and desserts we're bringing you in deep
with our friends Alan and Shan to climb
a one hour drive from KL to visit the
source of Baku today and here we are
guys we are now inclined to try the
ultimate delicacy Baku tea and this is
it talaq talaq polite yeah
and here we are we're gonna check out
this bucket a bucket oh my gosh I now
climb
Bop good day we got the Trotter the feet
we got the spare ribs
we got the intestine and love and is
just chopping up all of these cuts of
pork I need your stood in a Chinese
herbal bra yes yes it is oh and this is
the broth chicken soup off with a Sangma
Oh joking should need some free time
oh the intestines the organs this is the
nays on top
Wow and I wrote lots of meat on there
you can smell there and you can see
right behind us is the master stock of
the robochav it's gonna get reduced and
boiled down multiple times and this is
the Shengli out Nieman to do jammie bum
oh and here's the sea cucumber we're
gonna get a sea cucumber pod here we go
watch this
boom the sea cucumbers going in look at
the head guys should be good
yep get your love ban so try it out guys
[Music]
thank you wow that is beautiful they put
a sea cucumber on did you come
that's luxury look at this we've got the
intestines and the stomach in that
extremely herbal pocket a bra that's
incredible and then we got the dry one
here too right there's actually a dry
sauna in this as well to enhance the
taste of the dry buckety Wow so Tom so
that's dried squid that's gonna have a
squid and Poppleton combo yeah yeah skip
the broth yeah
[Music]
so comforting that Brock is all you need
it tastes like a Chinese medicinal soup
almost like a tea and then it's got that
sweetness from the bone and Wow and look
at that that is a incredible Chinese
delicacy sea cucumber it's all about the
texture and the flavor combo and it's
soaked in that back okay should we just
take it down here yep one shot okay one
shot Godsey become berries infused with
the broccoli and while we were eating
the drive-by kutay which we both
preferred even more than the wet classic
one
a follower came up to us and gifted us
some bouts of from down the street that
she lined up 30 minutes for and they
lined up for us to get these they lined
up next door so friendly Malaysian
people are so hospitable Wow I like how
it's not too fatty hmm they use good
chunks of meat and it's slightly sweet
not too sweet not too sweet and very
fluffy special of an aha chola and
Shanga next up before heading back to
kale for even more classic Malaysian
Street food bringing you for a stop at a
famous cake shop to try a uniquely
Malaysian pandan layer cake and next up
we are in old clang it's going to try
the famous pandan layer cake and pandan
is an ultra unique leave from Malaysia
here it has this incredible vanilla
aroma and it's just right up here pandan
Wow regent panda and layer cake shop
right out fun here's the Panda and look
at this fun down mix corn that's the
Panda oh and there it is guys that looks
delicious
there are mckessie oh well there's so
many here so we've got the pandan all
pandan all pent up your pendant 100%
100% and then this one here YUM
yeah I'm flavour oh and more over here
too and that makes this corn and even
more what's this down here corn cake Wow
durian layer cake durian durian cake as
well
here it is pandan pandan cake and then
there none back sit up sit up
look at that pandan which is Malaysian
specialty vanilla leaf the ultimate leaf
of Malaysia the most aromatic leaf in
the world
vanilla II smooth and this is pandan and
yam very nice setup culture and you can
see there the green is the pandan and
the purple is the yum and you can see
this joint is just hot with fondant
layer cake it's just being cut piece by
piece here and put into these individual
boxes and we're gonna get a cut into
smaller pieces so we can have oh look at
the gel enos there
look how jelly it is it's like soft
jelly pandan cake Wow vertically and
horizontally and here we got it upon
done Wow a layer cake oh boy Wow take a
look it looks so jelly like oh my look
at the color
wow it's like a it's like an emerald gem
that smells like vanilla like a floral
vanilla like a fragrant Malaysian
vanilla it's jello II it's Wiggly Cheers
Bunji cheers buddy
let's try it out
oh that is a unique flavor pandan you
can only get it here in Malaysia that
pandan leaf so floral and fragrant and
vanilla is like an upgraded vanilla
really sweet fluffy spongy Airy light
and full of flavor turn my Cassie sign
gets it up and next up to continue the
adventure we're making our way back into
kale to try some next-level Penang style
curry noodles one of the best noodles of
Malaysia if not the world awesome guys
and next up we made our way out into
pandan Jaya to try a special Malaysian
curry mee classic Malaysian spicy curry
noodle right up here at jolly me and
huge thanks to my buddy Mikey Wes for
recommending this joint and we're gonna
go try it out Bob anyhow anyhow the Oh
Kelly man-woman Jin Han Lee Chong Chon
crema oh Jenny
oh and this is the curry me son done
look at that
cutting in Sandton coconut milk Oh in
Samba Samba oh my goodness chilli
they've just added in chili and coconut
milk into that curry mee and wow that
sambal you can smell it's like a
incredible chili aroma awesome laksa
that's the sour luxor guys malaysia
special very good look at that awesome
laksa that's a classic Malaysian laksa
curry dish that you can have with bee
hoon rice noodles oh and a lot of
different toppings but we're gonna get
the curry mee and here we go guys this
is the process that we're getting be
hoon and me mix so rice noodle and
noodle mix in the bowl then we've got a
beautiful mix over here we're gonna add
cockles in look at that cockles
beautiful we've got incredible squid
look at that squid is going in we've got
like these tofu strips and this is the
magic look at that tofu puffs tons of
the creamy sambal infused incredible
curry noodle we've got the sambal and
then mint on top with a little bit of
torch ginger Wow special Elvan
the curry me classic Malaysian dish and
look at the color and the contrast and
the creaminess and the intense sambal on
there that is a beautiful dish it's
loaded with ingredients look at that
tons of coconut milk
there's tons of cockles and tofu and
fish and Menken
it's all in there lemongrass and then on
top look at this we've got torch ginger
which is like an upgraded ginger
aromatic like a flower and we're just
gonna mix it up look at that sambal
let's get it in there guys there's squid
there's so much this is incredible and
we got a mix of bee hoon and the classic
egg noodle let's get all the flavors in
that first bite look at the broth make
sure the sambal is mixed in wow this is
it guys the soul of Malaysia curry
noodle here we go
oh wow it is all about that broth it is
so complex you can taste a little
lemongrass and you can taste the
incredible smoothness of the sambal and
the milkiness of the coconut milk and
then we've got the torch ginger like an
aromatic flower with the mint it's like
a complete pop of flavor and then it's
just a little spicy I think to me that
is a perfect bowl of noodles one of the
best noodles of the world the curry meat
and then the awesome loksat in malaysia
yellow bands alright how Sherlock
Sushila ban thai how chilla
that was incredible guys bye bye
and to finish off the day of eating just
down the street we stumbled on the
perfect dessert Street kompong village
durian cheap and delicious come on ma
kam Fung Lin by halle huahin doula
tender Lillian
what we like it Wow soon later me by
Asha banana 125 years of history here Oh
Chicka choo choo cashew sure you buy a
shoe though
although shoe Wow
so it's a hundred and twenty-five year
old durian tree laoshu de ma washer
twice young damaja took a coma check out
the man you saw Chicka Chicka Ranma okay
that's it quite huh chin here we go look
at this
Vauban is gonna Chi this is kampung
million he buy our chelonian - Reema so
a theory and the older the tree the
better the fruit and we are gonna be
tasting it right now kompong Kampong is
village durian just right from the
village trees morning drop
right this morning guys fresh drop here
it is
o come foam taste taste very nice so
it's pyro white flesh and it's cooled up
it's bitter and there it is look at that
it's white flesh it actually smells mmm
really nice they said it's a bitter
variety should cool them up chicken food
them up okay thank oh Ken cool and
shunga
hey got messy
oh and there it is look at that it's
just pure messy sloppy goodness look at
that whoa that is it that's a messy
Street durian it's like a little ice
cream fruit balls bye-bye thank you
unreal you like that thing yeah wow
thank you so much for watching guys
please make sure to leave me a comment
below click that subscribe button and
the Bell notification button too so you
don't miss any of these videos and I'm
so happy to once again finally be making
these street food tour videos for you
thanks for watching guys